Inspiration
Nowadays quite many people have vague idea how do they spent money. Moreover, in most cases people underestimate their income and expenditures. In turns, this might force them to either loan money for short terms or limit costs to almost zero. We would like to offer simple but effective solution, which will help the user to manage daily (or monthly) costs and savings. 

Capabilities of the app
The core functionality helps user to track on what exactly (s)he spends money. This will help bank customers to better plan their savings. 

How we build it:
Antti Karhunen goes to the grocery once in a week. From the shop, Antti usually purchases food, household goods and sometimes clothes and footwear. Antti used to estimate his total monthly costs, incomes and savings. One week Antti recieves a newsletter from a bank, which suggests him to try a new application for finance management, because he hopes that it will save his time filling out the detailed information about his purchases. Antti downloads and installs the app and connects his creadit card and phone number to it. The next day Matti notices that he is out of milk, and visits the nearest small grocery shop. After payment went through, Matti notices that he had recieved a push notification that contains reciept. The recieved receipt contains detailed information about the purchase, including items and their amount, price and possible devices. This information will be stored in the database and form the costs tables for current month. 

Month later, Antti seems to get used to the app and enjoys using it. However, there are yet some features he does not know about. After month had passed, there is already enough information in the database to generate shopping lists for Matti for his weekly shopping. In addition, Antti notices that the shopping list takes into account how often did he buy certain goods during the month. Antti especially have been enjoying a possibility to plan his savings based on the statistical information how often he buys particular goods in a certain period of time. He can simply add the item to the saving plan, which will show information how he has been following his saving plan and how his certain purchases affect current state of savings.

At the same time, 600m away from Antti's home there is a grocery store. Before bank did launch the application, store's owner Mikko agreeed with the bank to share information about his customers' purchases. Instead Mikko have an opportunity to reduce usage of paper receipts. This will not only make grocery a bit nature friendly but also cut expenses on the paper for recepts and maintanance of old cash machine systems. Yet application and API provide to Mikko even more opportunities, including utilisation the information in a more suffiecient way.


What chanllеnges did we run into? 
One of the biggest challenges was to narrow down the idea, and create more specific use cases. Also we realised that prototype creation of this kind of application requires more time and better time management, and bigger team. Yet another challenge is to persuade shops, especially representatives of big shop chains, to share information with banks and decide what we will provide them with instead.

Accomplishments & what we've learnt:
- Creation of user stories
- Perform business analysis and question already existing ideas
- Improved UI design skills

- Do not give up no matter how unsure you are about the solution
- Right people and look from outside can cheer you up and "open new horizons"

Future of the bearMoney
It should be thought more thoroughly about possible security issues and vulnerabilities. 
Utilize information from club cards about bonuses.

